updated strategy (#4337)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/strategy/overview.md

We focused on our paid product in the Summer, 2021. We quickly hit a milestone for the first 5 reference customers. In 2022, we have figured out how to accelerate our top of funnel growth, and we realized we should focus on nailing Self Serve MidMarket ($20-70K ARR deals), whilst deepening the core product.

Today, we're optimizing conversion to paid revenue, and carefully expanding the platform again, into adjacent use cases that will meet the needs for our _existing_ user profiles.

We now add more companies each week than _any_ closed source SaaS rival, and we're the open source standard for all our applications.

## General principles

* For any company, nothing matters more than product market fit. If we get that right, it’ll be much easier for customer success, marketing or sales teams to succeed. As a result, we're 100% inbound. We invest in product, not cold-calling people that don't want to buy from us.

> * We are a _late mover_. All the products we build into the platform have product-market fit. This makes it faster to ship.

Reviewer: do we have any principles around quality that we'd like to outline?

Author: Not to hand (this would be quite a fun page to create though).

I don't quite get how this concern relates to this specific point?

Reviewer: Agreed it's a separate point

**How do we get there?**

> * Build for developers```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

> * Build for technical teams

Author: ```suggestion
* Build for developers```

* _Breadth_: build basic versions of every feature needed rather than a small set of sophisticated ones, so our customers can consolidate.

**MidMarket vs. Enterprise**

> * _MidMarket_: focus on acquiring more high quality MidMarket customers (who may start using for free) over big ticket contracts, so we can get better feedback and learn faster.

Reviewer 2: `Mid-market` or `mid market` maybe?

Reviewer 3: Yes, this is triggering for me! 😂 `Mid-market` would be best.

* _Breadth_: build basic versions of every feature needed rather than a small set of sophisticated ones, so our customers can consolidate.

**MidMarket vs. Enterprise**

* _MidMarket_: focus on acquiring more high quality MidMarket customers (who may start using for free) over big ticket contracts, so we can get better feedback and learn faster.

**Integrations vs one-stop-shop**

* _One-stop-shop_: build all the things directly into PostHog if possible. This means customers don't have to buy another product or integrate with anything else. We are wide enough now to pull this off.

**Self-hosted vs. Cloud**

> * _Cloud_: if customers can use cloud, encourage them to use cloud. Maintain a self-hosted version and migration path but don't push it (we are the most flexible solution - this enables growth. People trying it out, or wanting to move to it long term). We offer a generous free cloud tier so we can become ubiquitous without the cost/hassle of self hosting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* _Cloud_: if customers can use cloud, encourage them to use cloud. Maintain a self-hosted version and migration path, but don't push it. We are the most flexible solution, which enables growth. We offer a generous free cloud tier so we can become ubiquitous without the cost/hassle of self-hosting.
```

**Reject the [“modern data stack”](https://www.analytics8.com/blog/what-is-the-modern-data-stack-and-why-should-you-be-excited-about-it/) vs. adapt to it**

> * _Reject_: We enable our customers to ingest, store and analyze data on their infrastructure, we don't believe tons of integrations, dealing with multiple vendors and sending sensitive data to multiple cloud providers the right approach

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* _Reject_: We enable our customers to ingest, store and analyze data on their infrastructure, we don't believe tons of integrations, dealing with multiple vendors and sending sensitive data to multiple cloud providers is the right approach.
```
